♪During the dark night♪
♪A guiding light♪
♪Just like you♪
♪Makes life turn bright♪
♪Breaking free from darkness♪
♪You gave me strength♪
♪Running for truth♪
♪I find my path♪
♪Drawing on the hope♪
♪That you render me♪
♪In this long journey♪
♪I run on lightly♪
[Reborn]
[Adapted from Qiang Yu's work, Reborn]
There's a basketball game at school
after school today.
As the hosts,
we should all be there to cheer
for our classmates.
- Okay!
- Okay.
Qingyu, are you going
to the basketball game?
No.
Qiao Qingyu doesn't think of herself
as a member of us.
Indeed.
Come on. The game's about to start.
Let's go.
Hi, welcome.
Thank you.
Please wait.
I'd like a menu, please.
Here's our menu.
See if you like something to drink.
Just water for me, thanks.
Our lemon tea and coffee
are very popular,
and we also have
an afternoon tea set available.
Anything else for you?
She will have a cup of lemon tea.
Got it.
You look exactly alike,
but it seems
your personalities
are worlds apart.
Were you close with Qiao Beiyu?
You asked me out today
to ask about Beiyu, didn't you?
[Episode 6]
[The Rumored Beiyu]
Nanqiao Village is pretty small.
Kids there grow up free and easy,
their days filled with barefoot play
in the mud.
When I was little,
I thought all kids lived like we did,
until I met Beiyu.
Before that,
I had never seen
such a beautiful little girl.
Feihai!
Hi, Jinrui.
This is my cousin, Beiyu.
She will play with us from now on.
Hi, guys.
These are for you.
Thank you.
Day by day,
Beiyu grew more beautiful.
But at some point,
the students at school
started bullying her.
They cruelly accused her
of having no parents, no upbringing,
no manners.
Those rumors spread like wildfire,
infecting everyone.
People often underestimate
the power of gossip.
In a small community,
it's frighteningly easy
to ruin someone's life
with rumors.
When the school found out,
they arranged counseling for her.
I've replayed that time endlessly
in my mind,
wishing I could go back
and choose differently.
But back then,
I was timid and weak.
I just stood by
and watched Beiyu get bullied,
too scared to even step up and help her.
What are you looking at?
What are you staring at?
Huh?
Lost your mind? Pathetic!
Cut it out.
He can't even take a joke.
After graduating high school,
[Mingshidi KTV]
Beiyu moved to Huanzhou
to study at an art school,
and I got into a university there.
We finally left Nanqiao Village.
I went to visit Beiyu once,
but I don't know since when...
I'm not going tomorrow.
She had changed.
She's turned into the person
the rumors described.
What are you looking at?
Stop pretending now.
Come on.
You... You're hurting me.
I said, stop.
Stop pulling me.
What are you doing?
You...
You've got some guts now?
Huh?
Hi, sir!
Keep it down! You might scare her.
After that,
I went abroad as an exchange student.
The next word I heard about Beiyu
was the devastating news of her death.
Did my parents know
that Qiao Beiyu was being bullied?
One day, Beiyu ran away from home
and went to Shunyun.
It was your parents
who sent her back to Nanqiao Village.
So they knew everything,
but instead of saving Beiyu,
they pushed her back into the flames.
I'm sure they had their reasons.
After all, parents always want
what's best for their children.
So you're saying
you had reasons
for letting this happen, too?
No, that's not it.
I've never tried to excuse myself.
Even now, whenever I think about Beiyu,
the guilt is crushing.
What good does that do?
Qiao Beiyu is dead.
She's not coming back to life.
Telling me all this today
is just your way of trying
to ease your own conscience.
You're a hypocrite and a coward.
You're no different
from those who bullied her.
You're just another accomplice.
Qingyu.
Please wait, Qingyu.
Qingyu,
please wait.
What more do you want?
This is a video
of a dance performance Beiyu did
during a school arts showcase
in high school.
I heard it helped her qualify
for the Starry Cup Dance Competition,
though
she never got the chance to participate.
Isn't that Qiao Qingyu?
You're right.
I am hypocritical and cowardly.
That's why
you deserve this more than I do.
She seems so clueless at school,
but there's definitely more to her.
Do you guys still want
to have lunch or not?
Of course.
Well, let's go.
Alright.
[Huanzhou Youth
New Year's Arts Showcase]
[A Dance Tribute to Qiao Beiyu]
Qingyu,
come over and have some water.
I'm not thirsty.
Let your brother take care
of those bowls.
Yu,
help your sister clean up those bowls.
Coming.
Mom, that's not fair.
I already have to deliver takeout
and clean the tables.
And now I have to wash the dishes too?
How am I supposed to do all this?
You can't just make me do
all the work
just because I have bad grades.
Yu!
What is it, Dad?
Come.
Deliver this.
Let me do that.
Dad, you saw that, right?
She volunteered to do it.
I'm not slacking off.
Get moving
and wash those dishes, then.
Go.
Okay.
What's going on?
Delivery!
A serving of stir-fried noodles,
no spice.
Anyone here?
I'm from Qiao's Noodle House.
It's eight yuan for the noodles.
I haven't given you your change.
Keep it.
Next,
I need you all to fill in your grades
for each subject in the table
and use the cell
with the automatic average function
to calculate the class average score.
Your classroom performance today
will account for 5% of the final grade.
So, practice carefully.
Alright, let's get started.
Someone posted photos
of Ming Sheng playing basketball
on the School Network.
He looks so handsome!
It's because of those photos
that so many students from other schools
are leaving him messages.
It's so annoying.
But there's nothing we can do.
The info on that site is public.
Anyone can find it with a quick search.
[School Network]
[Huanzhou Art School]
[Xu Mengmeng.
Moments in Huanzhou Art School]
[Xu Mengmeng]
I'm Qiao Beiyu's little sister.
Do you have time to meet up today?
Mr. Sun.
Mr. Li.
I'd like to make an announcement
before you dismiss the class.
Sure, go ahead.
I'll leave them to you.
Alright, everyone,
I have an announcement.
The next two self-study periods
will be changed to chemistry.
What's so surprising about that?
You messed up your midterms.
So, you have no right to whine now.
[Xu Mengmeng: I'm available now.]
Sir, my stomach hurts.
I need to go home.
Can you manage on your own?
Hmm.
Okay. Go home, then.
Pack up your stuff
and head back to class for the lessons.
Sun
is such a softie.
Isn't it obvious she's lying?
Let's just go.
Come on.
Liu,
please don't.
Didn't we agree on this
during our last meal?
Why the sudden change
in giving the lead dancer to Zhang Yue?
I even turned down two gigs for this.
I've got so many expenses to cover.
Can you please help me out?
If I didn't get the lead role,
a small solo part would suffice,
as I'm only 500 yuan short this month.
Alright, Liu,
I'll call you later.
Bye.
Qiao Qingyu?
Sit down please.
Thank you.
Drink up. My treat.
Your sister used to talk about you.
She even showed me your picture.
That's how I recognized you right away.
Qiao Beiyu told you about me?
So, were you two close?
I guess you could say that.
Beiyu appeared cheerful and easygoing,
but I always sensed
a barrier between her and everyone else,
like she was protecting
a significant secret
she didn't want anyone to discover.
Do you know who her boyfriend was?
Boyfriend?
The weather is getting cold.
Beiyu was gorgeous.
She quickly became
the famous beauty of Huanzhou Art School
after starting there.
That clothing store
we talked about last time,
the one with all the pretty outfits.
Let's go this weekend.
Sure, let's go together this weekend.
Okay.
Stop looking at her!
Men in Huanzhou adored her in droves.
Qiao Beiyu.
Someone left something for you.
Thanks, ma'am.
Who's this admirer now?
I'm so jealous.
I wish I had someone
who sent me delicious treats
every day too.
If you like it, it's yours.
Here.
Well then, I'll take it.
Babe!
Hold this, San.
Have you been waiting for long?
Yes.
Isn't that Beiyu?
The last guy was riding
a motorcycle, right?
This week, she's found
a new guy with a luxury car.
Why are you so surprised?
She's beautiful.
There are plenty of men courting her.
It's normal.
Unfortunately,
all she met were rogues.
Let's go have some hotpot later.
Let me comb your hair first.
And then, we'll go have a hotpot.
Die!
What are you doing?
I've made it clear to you.
We've broken up!
What?
Seriously?
You wanted to break up,
but did I say yes?
Tell me, did I say yes?
Beat him up!
No...
Don't hurt him!
If you don't stop, I'll call the police!
Stop!
Hei!
Qiao Beiyu.
I'm sorry, Hei!
I'm going to slap you
if you walk over there.
Hei!
Hei.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know she was your girl.
She came onto me first.
Shut your mouth!
Shut it!
Well, well.
Come.
Listen to him.
Did you hear what he said?
He said
you came onto him.
I like you so much.
So much.
And you cheated on me.
What will people say about me now?
What will they think of me?
Tell me!
You want to humiliate me, right?
Okay, I'm dragging you down with me.
Come here.
Look at her.
Her name is Qiao Beiyu.
Don't touch me!
Your sister seemed sharp,
but she was surprisingly easy to fool.
If a guy even showed
her a little kindness,
she'd fall head over heels for him
and give him her whole heart.
The more she loved,
the more those men thought
they could take advantage of her,
and the harder they hurt her.
You're finally back.
Ms. Tang asked about you today.
She said if you skip class again,
you'll fail this semester.
I'm honestly speechless.
I've never seen anyone get
so caught up in a relationship like you.
What's up?
Let me see.
Who did this?
Come on, let's report it to the police.
We can't go to the police.
You broke up with him.
I don't get it.
Why does every guy treat me like this?
I've done so much for them.
Mengmeng, is it all my fault?
Maybe I
don't deserve to be treated well.
Qiao Beiyu, what are you talking about?
Will you snap out of it?
I know there's something wrong with me,
but I can't help it.
I just can't.
I can't control myself.
But Beiyu acted as if under a spell.
She kept dating scumbags,
and despite my reasoning
and even scolding,
nothing worked.
Did any of her boyfriends
come from Nanqiao Village?
I remember her mentioning
someone from her hometown.
What's his name?
She had so many admirers.
I can't remember.
How about this? I'll ask around.
If I find anything, I'll let you know.
You should go home soon
so your parents won't worry.
Check please!
Mengmeng.
If Qiao Beiyu were still alive,
do you think she would have
become a dancer like you?
Did you ever see Beiyu dance?
Whenever the music started
her movements
made her radiant.
Her performance was the best
in our class.
She'd never end up like me,
struggling in a second-rate troupe.
Beiyu used to say
that after graduation,
she wanted to keep studying
and eventually join
a professional dance company
to become a top performer.
Hi, are these your takeouts?
No.
Over here.
What are you up to now?
Nothing.
I just thought
we could help each other out.
Her family runs a noodle shop,
and we haven't had lunch yet.
I just wanted to support their business.
Plus, it keeps some shady people
with too much money
from harassing them. Am I right?
A serving of stir-fried noodles,
no spice,
and two servings of beef noodles.
That's 26 yuan.
Hold on.
What's with your attitude?
Remember who's paying.
Is this how you treat customers?
Don't you want to make money?
I might not be as wealthy as you,
but I'm not a deadbeat.
Who are you accusing of skipping out?
Here's your money.
Take the noodles back.
I'm returning them.
Come on, let it go.
Just let it go.
Alright?
Here's 30 yuan. Keep the change.
I might not have money,
but I don't take advantage of people.
Why does she always
have to be so standoffish?
Sorry, it slipped out of my hands.
Sheng, perfect timing.
Let's eat.
What's the matter, Qiao Qingyu?
Do you know how to say thank you?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
To repay the favor,
and since it's on your way home,
give me a ride.
No way.
Qiao Qingyu.
Well...
Who was that guy
at the café the other day?
I know.
Was he your sister's boyfriend?
No.
Then, he must be
a close friend of your sister's.
Are you okay?
So your sister developed
a twisted mindset
after being hurt by her first love.
Any kindness from a man
triggered pathological dependence
in her,
causing her to give
her whole heart away.
I'll find the one responsible
and get justice for her.
It's raining.
Hold on tight.
♪You opened a window♪
♪I saw hope outside the window♪
♪You said something
I couldn't understand♪
♪And I realized my desire♪
What's going on?
Why is this still with you?
Wasn't it already taken care of?
Someone gave it to me.
Who gave it to you?
Qiao Qingyu,
why are you keeping it?
Will it help with your studies
or improve your grades?
No more keeping useless things!
This isn't useless.
It's a video of Qiao Beiyu dancing.
You want to learn to dance now too?
Go ahead, I dare you!
I won't stand by
and watch you end up like your sister.
- Go!
Sheng.
Shredded potatoes, Kung Pao chicken,
sweet and sour ribs.
No. I'm not hungry.
You were fine during our practice.
How did you suddenly catch a cold?
Yes.
You left without saying a word.
Were you off doing
something you shouldn't have?
Hey!
Shut up.
[Qiao Beiyu: I'm trapped.
I don't deserve this.]
[Difficulty fuels desire.]
[Years of practice, moments of glory.]
[Qiao Beiyu's Album]
[Hei]
Qiao Beiyu's pretty little sister,
I heard you're looking for me.
Who are you?
I'm your brother-in-law.
Are you from Nanqiao Village?
You want to find out?
Let's meet up.
Don't worry.
I'll take good care of you.
Fang, have you thought about
what I mentioned last time?
What was it about?
My neighbor's youngest son.
Don't you remember?
I don't think we're a good match.
Why not?
Tall, handsome,
with a house, a car,
and a stable job. He's got it all.
He was studying abroad for a long time,
which is why he's late in settling down.
You're not getting any younger.
I have something to do, ma'am.
Remember to sign the paper.
I'll pick it up later.
You should really think about it.
Don't miss this chance.
Are you here to see your dad?
Are you okay?
Are you ill?
The blood test results are back.
Everything's normal.
Here, the thermometer.
37.1 degrees.
Nothing to worry about.
I told you,
it's just a mild cold.
You insisted on running all these tests.
Fine, I was worrying for nothing.
Here, this is porridge,
and these are your meds.
Make sure to take them on time.
Got it. I'll head out now.
Oh, and don't tell that guy.
I don't want to hear his nagging.
I know what to do.
Thanks, Ms. Fang.
Get some rest.
Got it.
I'm over ten years older than him.
Why won't he call me ma'am?
The surgery for bed 37
has been rescheduled to the afternoon.
How did the surgery go?
The patient had a sudden hemorrhage
during the operation.
Luckily, Dr. Li and I
quickly located the bleeding point.
I'd say it was a success.
Where is Ming Sheng? Did he leave?
He's left.
I gave him everything you asked me to.
He told me not
to let you know he was here.
That brat.
You and your son
are very much alike, you know,
stubborn and always saying one thing
but meaning another.
Like father, like son.
You've worked hard these days,
looking after Ming Sheng.
Worked hard?
Come on, it's nothing.
I get to play the good cop, after all.
Oh, right.
My parents are coming to Huanzhou
this weekend.
Want to have a meal together?
I understand if you don't want
to make our relationship public.
I've explained it to them,
and they'll keep it a secret.
It's just a meal,
nothing more.
Oh.
Sure.
Let's have a meal together.
Hurry up and eat.
Get some rest afterward.
Qiao Qingyu.
Who are you?
Didn't we have a nice chat online?
How could you forget me so quickly?
You're Hei?
That's right.
Come on, let's have a chat.
I need to get home now.
Hold on.
Weren't you
the one asking around about Hei?
Now you're pretending
to be all innocent?
My mom's waiting for me at home.
What's the rush?
What's the fun in that?
How about this?
I'll treat you to something nice
and relaxing.
How does that sound?
I heard there's a good bubble tea shop
across the street.
Let's go there and talk.
Bubble tea shop?
They don't look like good people.
Sure.
It's too risky to get involved
with those thugs.
Yes, let's go.
Let's go
before the evening bus rush starts.
This is your usual hangout?
This place
doesn't look all that special.
Listen up,
today,
everything is
on Qiao Qingyu's friend, Hei.
Order away.
Give us the table.
Come on, it's my treat.
You know Qiao Qingyu, right?
Take a seat.
Here.
Not bad.
I like bubble tea too.
Help yourself.
I'll order more for you if you like.
From now on,
I'm going to call you "Babe."
That's what I used to call your sister.
How did you meet Qiao Beiyu?
A classic case
of the hero saving the damsel.
Outside a karaoke bar,
some guy was harassing her,
and I stepped in to settle it.
Back when she was at art school,
your sister loved to sing.
She often hung out at my karaoke place.
I looked out for her.
Over time,
we got together.
Honestly,
your sister was really beautiful.
How could someone like me
end up with her?
It was like hitting the jackpot.
Of course, I treated her well.
Eventually, I really fell for her.
Whatever she said, I'd agree to it.
But over time, it wasn't
what I thought it would be.
She wasn't as good as I thought she was.
Your sister was nothing but dumb!
She believed whatever any guy told her.
As long as it was a man,
she'd believe it.
Come a little closer.
I didn't scare you, did I?
Whenever I talk about your sister,
I get so worked up.
But I can tell,
you're different from her.
You're
the pure type.
Do you have a boyfriend?
So you met her in Huanzhou?
That's right.
Then I've got the wrong person.
That's not right.
Sit down and listen.
You didn't get the wrong person.
It's fate.
I'm exactly who you're looking for.
You know, I saw you years ago.
When did I ever meet you?
When?
Outside the art school.
Try to recall it.
Baby!
I've been waiting. Give me a hug.
I bought you flowers. Do you like them?
Thanks.
Don't mention it.
You must be tired
of all those lessons today.
Are you tired?
It's all right.
Let's go. I'm starving.
Come, we are having seafood.
Come. Get the car started.
Qiao Beiyu!
[Huanzhou Art School]
I'm in Huanzhou for the IMO.
Mom wants you to have the fruits.
Who are you?
I don't know you.
You must be her sister back home.
I said I don't know her.
Let's go.
I'm starving.
I can see the resemblance.
I told you, I don't know her.
Babe...
Qiao Beiyu!
I don't know you either,
and I never will.
You know, I've always
cared about you the most.
Drive faster.
I actually understood
what your sister was thinking back then.
She was
protecting you.
You were so young.
She didn't want you to have
anything to do with someone like me.
But it didn't matter
because now we know each other,
and it's not too late.
And look at you, all grown up
and beautiful!
Don't touch me!
So what if I'm touching you?
Stay away from me!
No!
Don't touch me!
Hey, what are you doing?
From now on, you're mine.
You'll be paying back
what your sister owed me.
♪Perhaps♪
♪The more we care,
the more careful we become♪
♪Counting the distance
that separates us♪
♪A single step,
and we'd be closer still♪
♪In the future♪
♪Time will reveal this secret♪
♪Waiting is a silent promise♪
♪That never expires♪
♪Turns out that what's on my mind♪
♪Is your name♪
♪The only stubbornness in my heart♪
♪At first sight♪
♪The future has been determined♪
♪Dreams began to feel real♪
♪Turns out that what's on your mind♪
♪Is a place♪
♪Where the same story is held dear♪
♪Fortunately, I'm not sensible enough♪
♪Courage wasn't late too♪
♪Only then does time not betray
our acquaintance♪